Previously on Dance Moms...
I just take Kelly back.
I know, that's the plan.
Girls, where are you?
I'm going to replace the entire team!
They are replacing... our kids.
If we don't win, then those mothers
will have their last...
You have to win!
Do you want to be there
for Miss Abby?
Yeah!
Nowhere else to go.
Second is not good enough
for the Abby Lee Dance Company!
Thank God for you, Sophia.
Thank God!
Coming up on Dance Moms'
Well, well, well...
While you all were at the parking lot
Sophia was in here!
Sophia!
You were doing your solo...
I think she is fabulous!
...quite, she is gonna beat
our kids every time...
Maddie, I think before Sophia was here
you hit those accents.
You just seem like,
a daylight a dollar short.
Chloe is a product of you.
Chloe was awful today!
What are we do to our kids?
[sobs]
♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Livin' on the dance floor. ♪
♪ ♪
SOPHIA: Hello!
ABBY LEE: Hi, sweetie, how are you?
Go ahead in. You can start warming up.
ABBY LEE: Last week was really tough.
I pulled a replacement team in.
Hi.
Go ahead right through into the den,
and the girls can start stretching.
Even though we got second,
I would much rather work with these kids.
Pretty soon, those old moms will just be
a distant memory.
Real dance moms are here.
Melissa's a high-maintenance friend.
Well...
I realize now that the way Abby
treats my girls is never gonna change.
But they miss the studio,
and they even miss Abby.
I know the last person
Abby wants to see is me,
but the other moms won't come
back without me,
and all of our girls are dying
to be at dance again.
You're part of the team.
That's the whole point
of this whole thing.
CHRISTI: It's great that Kelly
wants to be back on the team.
The problem is, it's too late.
Abby's replaced us.
And now we have to go crawling back
to Abby, begging her to take us all back.
I'm not signing a thing until your name is
on it and you're walking through the door.
And I think we all need to stick to that.
[phone line ringing]
Hi, Shelly? This is Abby.
It's about a half an hour into rehearsal,
and I don't have Ally.
She is not the kind of kid
that's gonna be late.
I'm calling to find out where Ally is.
She was supposed to be here at 4:00.
She is in New Orleans!
All the way back home.
How did this get screwed up?
Your daughter came in second place--
probably the reason the team
came in second place--
and now she's gonna come in and be mad,
and you're just like, "It's all good."
Ally could not be blamed
for that group dance.
She was magnificent.
Give my best to Ally.
ABBY LEE: They were blaming her
for the group dance
coming in second? Crazy.
Oh, my God. Here we go again.
Same old story.
Jealousy is an ugly disease.
You can ask Christi.
Girls... go head into the studio A,
start warming up in there.
I just got off the phone with Shelly.
She said, "Those other two mothers
"were telling my kid that she
was the reason we lost the group."
No.
This is my livelihood. This is what I do.
I don't have a husband
that has a million-dollar job.
I don't... I don't do that.
And the kid cried all the way home.
These moms pushed one
of my best dancers out.
ABBY LEE: You know what?
No more Mrs. Nice Guy.
It's over.
You two... are out.
Glo, Marcia... Poof! Be gone.
[crying]
Why do we have to leave?
Mom?
You guys are the one that blamed it.
Just don't fight.
We want to stay.
[sniffs]
Apologize. Go say sorry.
We did.
We want this really badly, Mom.
ABBY LEE: I can't believe
this has all happened.
I am left with one member
of the Abby Lee Dance Company
Elite Competition Team.
♪ ♪
All right, we'll take off now.
ABBY LEE: You are the only one left.
So when we go away this weekend,
you need to win your division
and you need to win
the entire competition.
I don't want to piss her off more...
me walking in.
MELISSA: See, you're dying.
I'm dying.
I think we need to go... let's move along.
This is stupid.
KELLY: Abby basically blames me
for the team falling apart.
So I think if I stay outside, we'll
have a better chance at reconciliation.
- What are they doing?
- Oh, my God.
I can't believe the same moms who quit
for Kelly and her two kids
are back in my parking lot again.
But you know what?
I just might have some openings.
- Ladies.
- [quietly] Contact.
You come in and dance or you leave.
You don't loiter in the parking lot.
Are we being invited in?
Can we come in now?
If you want to come, the door is open.
- JILL: All right, let's go.
- I'll come in. I'll walk with you.
This isn't a church, Holly,
it's a dance studio.
HOLLY: I got God all on my side.
He comes with me wherever I go.
Yeah, you got God on your thighs, too.
The moms quitting was their choice.
They're quitters, that's what they do.
That wasn't my choice.
They walked out of here,
and if they think...
...that they're gonna walk back in,
they have another thing coming.
CHRISTI: Each year,
Abby has us sign this stupid contract
that locks us in for a year.
And in that year, you can't leave
her studio, you know, short of death.
You will not get past this front desk
without these being signed.
Where's Kelly's?
Kelly called me names, Kelly quit,
Kelly boo-hooed,
and her kids are lazy slugs!
JILL: We feel that
Kelly is a part of our team.
Jill, did you come here
because Kelly's kids were here?
You want to be loyal to somebody,
it should be me.
This is the hardest thing for me,
because my kids want to dance,
and I don't know how long I can hold off.
You took Maddie and put her on
the same level as the rest of those kids.
We didn't.
We worked our butts off with your kids.
Make a decision.
Well, I brought Kendall here to dance.
I need her to dance, I want her to dance.
That's my decision.
ABBY LEE: Finished.
Make a decision right now.
You either choose
the Abby Lee Dance Company,
or you can go play with Brooke and Paige.
♪ ♪
Well, my kids are not gonna be playing.
They're gonna be dancing.
HOLLY: I... I'm disappointed
in Melissa and Jill.
We had worked so hard.
It was like all of that was in vain.
Time is ticking, ladies.
CHRISTI: At this point, I think Holly and
I have really done as much as we can do.
We have said we're not going back
in without Kelly, and Abby's like,
"So? Don't let the door
hit you in the ass on the way out."
All right, let's do it.
Okay. Give us the contract.
CHRISTI: I think Kelly needs to go in
and fight for herself and her daughters.
CHRISTI: So if Kelly comes to you,
and they say that they want to be back
on this team, you would listen?
I would certainly listen to them.
KELLY: I just want today
to be the last day for this.
She made us sign the contract.
KELLY: I am gonna go in there, and I am
gonna get my kids back on the team.
- Hi, Kelly, how are you?
- Good. How are you?
So why do you want to come back?
You hate it here.
I don't want to come back.
My kids want to come back.
And every single mother in the group,
and kid in the group, wants us here.
You called me a whore,
you made fun of my weight,
you gave me the finger.
And you called my kids stupid.
They are. They make dumb choices.
Abby, I don't want to
argue with you anymore.
I want you to get over the [bleep]
that happened with us 30 years ago,
and treat my kids like you treat
everybody else in this studio.
That's what I want.
Well, I don't want
your kids to be mediocre.
I want them to be amazing.
And if they're not willing to be amazing,
then... hit the door.
KELLY: I don't know what
the woman wants me to say.
I mean, my kids want to be
back on the team,
they tried out for the team,
they made it...
They should be on the team.
JILL: So here we are,
we show up to class...
In walks Jaclyn,
straight off of the streets of L.A.
Skinny, skinny, skinny, gorgeous...
but it's obvious she does not fit in
with our team of dance moms.
Well, well, well.
Here we all are again.
KELLY: You know, I've just come
to the decision,
as hard as it's gonna be
for me to go in there
and kiss up to that woman,
I'm going to do it.
Here's your contract.
Get in there, girls.
ABBY LEE: Kelly hands me her
contract without a peep.
There it is, signed, her signature.
Now let's just see
if she can keep that mouth shut.
Ladies, last week, we went
to a competition in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
There were over a thousand people there
just to see the Abby Lee Dance Company.
While you all were out in the parking lot,
Sophia was in here, learning.
As you can clearly see,
we don't have a pyramid here.
Chloe,
Nia,
Maddie,
Mackenzie,
Kendall,
you all realize...
...with the exception of Sophia,
that you are on probation.
You are all on the same playing field.
KELLY: Abby chooses
one kid in the studio that she focuses on.
Now Maddie did something to piss Abby off,
and now she's moving on to somebody else.
That's what all of you wanted.
You didn't like the pyramid, moms.
You want all the kids to be treated equal.
That's what you got.
CHRISTI: Chloe's worked
her butt off for Abby,
and she won a national title,
and now Abby's gonna replace her
with some girl off the street?
Jackie, you're okay with your kid
being a winner.
I know that I can count on her,
that she's a team player.
And, Jackie, I watched you
in the dressing room.
I watched you help
everybody with their hair.
I watched you be kind
to all the other women,
and I appreciate that.
KELLY: Jackie seems like
she's this perfect mom,
but I've heard a lot of things about her,
and I don't know,
she doesn't seem so perfect.
This week, we are going to Ohio.
The group routine is called
"Red Carpet Special."
It's a really sassy, hot, funky number.
Sophia,
you are doing a solo called "Superstar."
I think you did an
outstanding job last week,
and I want to see a repeat
of the same thing.
It is not fair that Sophia
gets a solo this week.
Our girls work their butts off,
and they die for solos every week.
How many turns do you do?
Fifty-four.
Why do I want somebody
that can only do 53?
I would prefer not
to take any other solos,
but I committed to attend the competition,
so we're going.
Not one of these kids deserves a solo,
but I have no choice.
So I'm gonna take my national champion
and see how much she's regressed.
My next solo will be... Chloe.
It's contemporary.
You are the national titleholder,
and you want to keep it up?
Then you have to keep winning.
CHRISTI: Surprise, surprise,
Abby gives Chloe a solo,
not as a reward, but as a punishment,
because she's gonna
make her dance against Sophia.
I want to direct my attention to the moms.
I need to see your loyalty
for what I'm doing for your children.
You will have assignments,
and you're gonna do a whole lot more
than sit on your butts
upstairs in my studio.
CHRISTI: Did she forget that we're the
ones who pay her to teach our kids dance?
We have other children
and other responsibilities,
and you are not in charge of us.
ABBY LEE: Ooh.
Who has their nose up in the air?
They need to volunteer a little bit,
and if they don't want to,
out the door.
♪
ABBY LEE: Ladies, spread apart.
We have lots of work to do.
This is all about being superstars.
Being celebrities.
Being on the red carpet.
Everybody wants to take your picture.
Everybody wants your autograph.
So that's what the piece is about.
You know, this team, they think
they're all back together again.
I was left with absolutely no team.
Sophia stepped in and saved the day.
She's a star,
and they all better get used to it.
Be grateful that Sophia
has come to Pittsburgh
and joined our group.
It's like going from...
mediocre to flying first class.
CHLOE: Miss Abby kept saying how much...
how much better Sophia was than all of us,
and that gave me a purpose
to work really hard
to show Miss Abby one day
I will be as good as Sophia.
I-I wanted to see...
how many pirouettes? 58?
I think she can do 54.
- Fifty-four.
- In tap shoes.
I want to see it.
KELLY: That's a reflection on the teacher.
Like, she can say to our kids
"You can't turn,"
but she doesn't like when I say to her,
"Well, you can't teach them to turn then."
Obviously, 'cause my kids have been here
since they've been two and a half.
- I think she's fabulous.
- Right.
And she's gonna beat our kids every time.
We understand that.
KELLY: Melissa and Christi, they're
not feeling so welcoming to this woman.
Get used to it.
Your kid's not always gonna be the best.
JILL: Why do you need to do
58 pirouettes in tap shoes?
There's a world record,
continuous pirouettes.
So, is she a world record holder?
She consistently can break the record.
Look, all these girls are really good.
They're all stars.
Jaclyn's trying really hard to come across
as the picture-perfect mom,
and the dance mom who doesn't
get involved in all the drama,
but I have friends in California, too,
and they have warned me about her.
She's not all she seems.
I read some of the things
that you wrote online
about a little girl named Mia in Miami,
and it wasn't very kind.
So I'm glad that you're at least
being kind to our children.
I would never write anything about Mia.
Oh, it was written from you
about a little girl in Miami
who you said-- who is amazing--
who you said, "Who cares?
"Why another contest about her?
"She's not even that good."
- I didn't write that.
- So I'm just grateful...
Well, okay, then I must
have faulty reading.
No, I heard that, too, actually.
Yeah, but you know, you hear a lot
of things, but that's not true.
ABBY LEE: Chloe, listen to me.
The name of the music is "Another Girl."
Whether the other girl's in your mind,
whether she really exists,
whether it's you...
I know Chloe can relate to this.
This song, "Another Girl,"
is about being left
in the shadows of some kid
that's famous and popular.
First it was Maddie, now it's Sophia.
Up, ball change, step up.
Okay.
You got that? All right, I'll be back.
I have an acro private, but I'll come
back during the whole break. Okay?
Abby's already made it abundantly clear
that Sophia's the only person
that matters,
but to cut Chloe's solo rehearsal short
to have an acro private with Sophia
is simply below the belt.
Abby thinks she's an amazing superstar,
and she loves her,
and they have this great relationship,
and she's a breath of fresh air,
blah, blah, blah,
but our kids have been
beaten down for years.
I think this is one week
that Melissa and Maddie are thinking,
- "Thank God."
- "Thank God, I don't have a solo."
Melissa and Abby are buddy-buddy,
and everybody knows that Melissa
will do whatever it takes
to have her kids number one
in Abby's eyes.
Oh, yeah, that is over, Chloe.
♪
What are you people doing?
I've probably cleaned this place out
12 times 'cause it was filthy.
Being Abby's slaves?
And Melissa, you're taking out garbage?
I always do anyway, even when I do...
Melissa, don't take out the garbage.
- I always did.
- Don't.
MELISSA: Maddie and Mackenzie
were always Abby's favorite.
And if I have to take the trash out
or clean outside,
um, I'm fine with that because
I just don't want Abby
to be mad at us anymore.
Back walkover to one knee.
Simple.
[squeaky]
Arms up by your ears.
CHRISTI: We need to do
some sort of initiation at competition.
Like what?
Well, she's really good like,
she's good at guarding.
Like, Jill, I could get a little at,
you know, and she'd...
[speaks gibberish]
This one's a little bit more like,
she's well-practiced.
I think everyone here is a little annoyed
that Jackie waltzes in, you know,
with her perfect little dancer
and their perfect little costumes,
and their perfect little makeup.
I don't think anybody
would be overly annoyed
if they packed up their perfect
little suitcases and hit the road.
I don't know what we could do.
I'm not good at that kind of stuff.
Oh, we could put E-6000
in her eyelash glue
'cause she's wearing eyelashes.
Oh, my God, we can't do that.
My God, she could go blind.
I want her to be a triple threat
and then some.
What can we do to her?
She's gonna do tumbling,
she's gonna do acrobatics,
she's gonna do contortion work.
We could roofie her drink.
Oh, God! No!
My God! You're mean!
I'm not gonna, like,
roofie her and have her have to go
to the hospital and get her
stomach pumped.
You're evil!
Maybe I'm just going 'cause
I've been roofied before.
ABBY LEE: Girls...
you're supposed to be in A.
Gianna's already in there. Let's go.
Come on. I don't know why you're
acting like it's a picnic.
We're gonna be on a bus in a few hours,
going to a competition.
I am really nervous about this week's
competition.
To get five kids who have been
sitting in a parking lot
back in the studio and back in sync
with each other,
that is my goal.
And right now, they're all over the place.
So I guess Abby didn't get
a good night's sleep.
She was a little crabby this morning.
I think Abby needs more
than a good night's sleep.
She needs a good roll in the hay!
That's exactly what I'm saying, Jill.
Ribs right, left. Right, left.
Is Abby married now?
[laughs]
I said, "Maybe if Abby was thin,
she could find a man,"
and Kelly's response was,
"It doesn't matter how thin she is,
"she's still a giant bitch."
Oh!
KELLY: I think
Abby's actually very pretty.
- She... Yeah.
- It's her... it's her attitude.
Gianna, do you think
you can run up and tell
Sophia's mom that I really
want her to watch
and not be chitchatting
with the other moms?
I think that Sophia has been sent to me
by the dance Gods.
My moms drove one kid after another
away from my company.
I've had it. It's not gonna
happen with these new moms.
Not on my watch.
Would you want to live with her?
Abby just wanted to make sure that you
were watching the warm-up.
Okay. All right. Thank you.
All right, Sophia, you're up.
[dance intro begins]
♪ I'll be dancing on the floor... ♪
♪ ♪
ABBY LEE: This number is jam-packed
full of difficulty.
And Sophia uses that face,
she uses that style
she hits every accent in the music.
Really have to stretch that knee.
Feel like I'm pulling it.
MADDIE: It's kind of hard not to be
jealous of her when I watch her
because even though she's my age...
she can do 54 turns, and I can't.
So, do you get up every morning and do
the stretches before she goes to school?
She goes to homeschool.
- I know, but you take her to school?
- I do, yeah.
Right now, we're going
Mondays and Fridays.
That's all you have to go to school,
two days?
Between two to four, yeah.
You're killing me over here.
- Holly's the educator.
- I know.
I will make sure we have at least
two hours before we go to dance.
So, like, if she goes to school
from 9:00 to 11:00,
then I'll get her home by 11:30,
and then she stretches from 11:30 to 1:30
and we'll have a 2:00 rehearsal.
Every day.
Sophia only goes to school
two hours a week.
Our girls actually go to school full-time,
and then they come to dance.
It's kinda sad.
Thanks for doing your turns for us.
- Yep.
- I appreciate it.
I'm really serious.
I think that I'm gonna ask you
and your mom
if you could do a senior
company turn class.
When I... but...
sometimes I'll teach
the little kids at our studio,
and I'm really mean to them.
- You're really mean?
- Yeah.
I like mean.
I'm really mean, too.
[both laughing]
Moms!
Yes?
ABBY LEE: I let these kids
back on my team.
Now the least their mothers can do
is roll up their sleeves
and do a little work for me.
Where are the counts for the pictures?
We didn't count them
because you have staff members
that you pay to do your job.
We pay you to teach our kids dance.
Christi, can you really not
count that high?
No, I can't, Abby.
See? I'm the product of a public school.
Good thing I wasn't homeschooled.
I wouldn't be able to even count to ten.
KELLY: Oh, my God, like,
Christi is not giving up on Jackie.
She's calling her out
on being homeschooled?
I just think Christi
doesn't want her on the team.
♪ The days are shorter... ♪
She's choreographing again,
30 minutes before we get on the bus.
I did not realize that.
I thought it was finished.
That gives me anxiety.
No, no, we learn on the day we leave.
- In this case...
- Hello.
My daughter's learning her solo
when we're going to get on a bus.
It's not three days before,
it's the day of.
Abby is clearing setting Chloe up to fail.
She knows that none of the girls
on our team
are even at the same level as Sophia.
♪ ♪
Shoulders down!
My daughter looks defeated.
HOLLY: Why is she...
Do you think she's upset?
Yeah, I know she is.
Look at her. She's trying...
MELISSA: Yep. She's fighting it.
CHLOE: I'm feeling pressure
to go up against Sophia
since she's a very good dancer.
Now I feel like I have to work
especially hard
so that I don't let down the group.
CHRISTI: Took what out on you?
I'm sorry that you get the brunt.
I'm sorry that all of you guys
get the brunt of it.
You don't deserve it. You're little girls.
I am sorry that Abby takes out
her anger with me on you.
That's not fair.
Abby, I hate to break it to you,
But if you really have a problem
with us not doing all your little tasks,
you need to come to us and stop sending
messages through our children.
Don't go in the den and sit and talk.
If you can't control your own mouth,
come into A and start working.
Gianna was in here that
whole time waiting for you.
And you're in the den, sitting,
talking... [gibbering]
You're gonna be going to a competition
where there's some of the best schools
you ever compete against.
People that did the group dance
are not good enough.
So you need to step up your game
or bow out gracefully.
They look nervous to me.
MELISSA: Yeah. You know what?
I thought so, too, from the get-go.
CHRISTI: Yeah, there's something going
on out there 'cause they're all like...
ABBY LEE: Moms!
- Oh, geez.
- Oh, my God.
I don't want to judge.
The kids look horrible.
They can't even do the
choreography I'm giving them.
And I have way too many kids
in this number. It's a mess.
There are too many people in this dance.
We are auditioning for this routine.
You're gonna play casting director.
So you are looking for the best team
to go out on stage and do this routine.
She cuts Maddie and Mackenzie--
I think they're gonna be devastated.
If you're casting a five-year-old,
maybe you're just gonna keep Mackenzie.
If you're casting The Lion King,
maybe the only one you're gonna
keep is Nia.
Here we go again with Abby
typecasting Nia.
Are they drawing your eye
because they were amazing,
or are they drawing your eye
because they were late
or they were sloppy?
Of course, anybody watching
their own daughters dance
are gonna pick their daughters.
They have them on this team
because they want them to compete.
So of course we're not gonna
tell you to take our kid
out of the group dance
for the competition.
I mean, we'd be stupid.
♪ ♪
♪
Christi could not...
would not...
look at Sophia.
Christi, if you want to sit
there and not watch that kid
and pretend that she doesn't exist,
that's stupid.
- That's stupid.
- I was watching.
You can't command where my eyeballs went.
I don't want to command anything.
I'm just telling you that you're foolish
not to learn from people
that are better than you.
That's how you get better.
Brooke, you just seem like
a day late and a dollar short.
Maddie, I think before Sophia was here,
you hit those accents.
Mackenzie, it's fine.
It's good. It's on par.
I need to think about
what's best for the group.
If I ask each of your mothers who they
think should be in the dance first,
they're all gonna say each of your names.
Even though they may think differently,
they're gonna go with their own kid.
They cannot be objective, can you?
No.
Brooke, you're out.
KELLY: Mackenzie's smaller than them,
and she's not at the same
technical level as them.
So, to me, it would only make
sense to get rid of Mackenzie.
But of course, she's gonna get rid
of my kid because she hates me.
I just want to let y'all know
I think some of your kids are in a little
bit of trouble this weekend.
We're getting on a bus.
We are going to a competition.
There are going to be people there
doing their routines from last year.
Everyone is out to beat
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I don't think Sophia should be worried.
I think that group dance
should be worried.
I think the soloist should be worried.
HOLLY: I think it's been a very tense
few days.
Your fault. Your fault. Your fault.
- No.
- Your fault. Your fault. Yes.
Maybe if Abby hadn't replaced
Brooke and Paige, you know,
we wouldn't have had to protest.
We wouldn't have had to sit
in the parking lot.
She wouldn't have had to bring
in a replacement team,
and our girls would be prepared this week.
I think everyone here is thankful
for the experience that they have had
and for the dance training.
Our children dance.
They don't know how lucky they are.
But pointing fingers right now is really
not getting us anywhere,
and trying to belittle children
by saying they're ungrateful...
- They are.
- They are not.
- They don't even know what they have.
- That's-that's...
I don't need to belittle your children.
They do it all on their own.
Shut your mouth!
We have pulled out miracles
making these kids look good.
Let's just go.
Let's stop fighting and try to be a team
just for this weekend.
You came in at a really tense time.
♪
[crowd screaming excitedly]
Hey! Thank you for coming! Thank you!
Whoa.
I'm nervous,
and I don't like to be nervous.
We're going back to In10sity Dance,
but it's in Ohio.
Some of the toughest schools
in the country are in Ohio,
and we're coming in with
a brand-new number with a new dancer.
Am I out of my mind?
Yes, some would say
that I am out of my mind.
Girls, listen.
Those kids recognize you
because you are national champions.
Do you understand that?
If you were the losers,
I don't think a thousand people
would be downstairs to get
your autograph and your picture.
This team needs to get right back
to that same exact place
when they won the national championship.
Sophia, come on. Get out here.
Hopefully all eyes will be on Sophia.
Everybody wants to be a superstar.
Everybody wants to be Sophia.
CHRISTI: Abby is rehearsing Sophia
while Chloe, who is Abby's student,
is in the corner, rehearsing on her own.
ABBY LEE: Two, three.
Illusion, illusion.
Just, you've been here, what, two weeks,
and I'm already getting phone calls.
Hey, I heard you have this kid,
da-da-da-da.
All right? So be that superstar.
Step out there and own that stage.
Got it?
MELISSA: This is a really
strange competition
for us because Abby's really not paying
attention to any of our children.
All right?
Okay, everybody ready?
Game faces.
[applause, cheering]
♪
Sophia is about to walk out on stage,
and I hope these judges have their eyes up
and they're focused on her.
ANNOUNCER: This is Sophia
with "Superstar."
[whooping]
[applause]
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ Hey Mr. DJ ♪
♪ When you play this at the club ♪
♪ Don't forget to turn the bass up ♪
♪ On the supersonic subs ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ My style is automatic ♪
♪ Everybody wish they had it ♪
♪ But nobody on this planet
has my hypnotic taste ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T-R, O-O-U-R a superstar ♪
♪ S-U-P-R-S-T-R ♪
♪ Let's party like a superstar ♪
♪ S-S-U-P-R-S-T. ♪
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 18,
Sophia with "Superstar."
If Abby so desperately wants
Sophia to be part of this team,
you know, she shouldn't have Chloe
dancing immediately following her.
Pitting children against
one another isn't exactly,
you know, team-building tactics.
ANNOUNCER: All right,
coming to the stage next,
this is Chloe with "Another Girl."
[whooping]
[piano music begins]
♪
♪ Maybe we can ♪
♪ Talk about it ♪
♪ Woke up just a thinking ♪
♪ 'Bout that we really need ♪
♪ Times are changing ♪
♪ The days are shorter ♪
♪ And soon enough the night ♪
CHRISTI: I really hope when the judges
are watching Chloe dance,
they see the emotion.
And that is something
that Sophia doesn't have.
♪ Something in the words I heard ♪
♪ Falling in between your lie
and my front door ♪
♪ Saying it's forever ♪
♪ Better get her, boy ♪
♪ What you waiting for? ♪
♪ Something in the way that
I'm feeling about losing you. ♪
[music ends]
[applause]
ABBY LEE: Chloe did pretty well.
If she didn't sit on her butt all week,
she might have been good.
- Good job, Chloe.
- Nice job.
- Good job, Sophia.
- Here, come sit up here by me.
You let me down?
No, you didn't.
No, Chloe, you never let me down.
I'm just proud of you.
You know, you win some, you lose some.
No biggie.
You were amazing, okay?
Don't cry.
No matter what happens next,
you keep your chin up.
Chloe dances, she's telling a story,
and she opens her heart,
and she draws you in,
and I think that that sincerity
is why people like to watch Chloe dance.
- [whispering] Very good.
- Thank you.
Excellent, yes.
First of all, the director
of the competition and everything
are freaking out about you,
and they are just going insane.
The glissade before the straddle.
You know exactly what I'm talking about?
Okay, and you're gonna fix it?
Okay, that's it. Otherwise,
great performer, and she is smart enough
she knows when she's falling out of a turn
to get out of it and move on.
Not to ever let us see a bobble.
CHRISTI: How dare you, Abby,
after my little girl just went out there
and danced her heart out for you.
Chloe deserves better than this,
and I am not putting up
with it any longer.
♪
ABBY LEE: We're here at In10sity in Ohio.
All I have left is the group number.
I'm hoping with these amazing costumes
and the fabulous hairdos
and all the different looks on the kids,
that I'm just gonna confuse those judges,
and they're gonna think it's spectacular.
[whooping]
Look at my hair!
Oh, my.
My daughter.
Fancy.
I'm watching all the girls get ready,
and you know, all the moms
are doing everybody's hair,
and they're getting in their costumes,
and I just really feel bad
that Brooke isn't here.
Like, our team is not complete
without Brooke.
I think that, you know...
I've made my first step.
Okay.
I got Paige back on the team.
And I'm gonna do whatever I need
to do to get Brooke back here.
I don't want to cry.
This is a happy day 'cause I'm back.
ABBY LEE: Girls, when you get out on stage
and you walk that red carpet,
you can have all the fame
and glory in the world,
and somebody comes out
that's better than you,
you're yesterday's news.
Let's go.
The biggest concern of mine is the carpet.
Because the girls have not
practiced one time with it.
That's my biggest, biggest concern.
ANNOUNCER: All right, ladies
and gentleman, here we go.
This is entry number 38--
this is entitled "Red Carpet Special."
[audience cheering]
ABBY LEE: Uh-uh, what's wrong?
That stupid red carpet.
It's like Abby's sabotaging our girls.
KELLY: Abby and her props.
You know, any time she has a prop,
it's a disaster-- and the poor kid.
She's pulling and she's pulling
and the carpet won't go.
So, the red carpet didn't go well,
because when I was pulling it out,
the string kept getting caught
under the carpet.
ANNOUNCER: Don't feel bad--
the same thing happened at my wedding.
ABBY LEE: Uh-oh, uh-oh,
straighten it out, straighten it...
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ M-m-my outfit's hot ♪
♪ Money's spent,
I'm ready for the main event ♪
♪ I'm so eager to go ♪
♪ I'm gonna live it up
till I see the sun ♪
♪ Tonight I'm gonna have some fun ♪
♪ I'm gonna let them all know, yeah ♪
♪ I'm with my girls here,
we are 'bout to hit it up ♪
♪ When I step out everybody ♪
♪ Wanna show us love
I become the carpet special ♪
♪ Uuha, yeah ♪
♪ There's a nice looking out way ♪
♪ I've never seen that boy before ♪
♪ He's coming my way ♪
♪ He has to know I'm just a average girl ♪
♪ And everybody really
wanna know my name ♪
♪ Wanna step in the lane,
be a part of the fame ♪
♪ I become the carpet special ♪
♪ Uuha ♪
♪ Yeah. ♪
ANNOUNCER: That is entry number 38,
"Red Carpet Special."
JILL: This number was not
well thought out.
Abby literally threw it together,
threw the red carpet down,
and threw our kids on stage.
I'm a little nervous that maybe they won't
even place in this competition.
♪
ANNOUNCER: All right, all right.
Who's ready for some awards?
[applause]
All right, our elite junior solo division
of competition.
Fourth place with a score of 277 points
is Miss Delaney
with act number 28, "Move Your Feet."
Your second runner-up,
ladies and gentlemen,
with a score of 281.3 points...
...is...
[intense music]
...Miss Chloe with act number 25
"Another Girl."
CHRISTI: I'm a little surprised
Chloe got second runner-up--
I thought she was beautiful
and elegant on stage,
but considering that Abby
only paid attention to Sophia this week,
I'm really proud of Chloe.
Highest scoring elite junior soloist
with a score of 284.1 points
is Miss Sophia
with act number 18 "Superstar."
ABBY LEE: There was no doubt
in my mind that Sophia
would win this whole thing.
If the dance team wants
to beat somebody like Sophia,
they'd better get busy.
ANNOUNCER: Okay, so the judges
selected routines that they just
really loved from the day.
Hi, everybody.
There's something so humble
and heartwarming about this dancer
and I hope she never, ever, ever loses it
because it's very, very special.
This is to another girl,
Chloe.
[cheering]
CHLOE: One judge specifically gave me
an expressive heart award.
And that was something really special,
and it was a really good moment for me.
My job as a mom is to raise
someone that I not only love
but I like-- and I really like
the person that Chloe is.
To me, that's more important than
any first place trophy ever.
ANNOUNCER: We're jumping
right into elite junior small group.
KELLY: I'm really nervous
for the group number.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring
elite junior small group...
KELLY: I just want first place so we can
look at Abby and say, "We're your team."
With a score of 280.8 points...
...is act number 38 "Red Carpet Special."
[whooping and cheering]
Congratulations to all of our
elite junior small groups.
We just went and once again
won first place.
I just want to make a comment.
Last week, the group wasn't here
and they got second.
This week, the group was all together
♪ And we got first! ♪
- Good job.
- Hey, ladies!
- Hey!
- Good job.
- Thank you!
- Aw...
I was proud of what
the judge said about you.
And I'm glad I got third and not second,
so that Miss Abby can't say,
"Second is the first to lose."
Does somebody care this poor, sad child
and what she just said?
CHRISTI: It's kind of sad that
the girls can't even work hard
and strive for a goal
other than first place.
You know, there's more to life
than winning, Ab,
and you should know that more than anyone.
[whoops] Can we talk
about the group dance?
I'm glad the judges weren't
looking at all those mistakes.
HOLLY: Part of me feels like she
was disappointed that they got first.
Sophia, outstanding--
high score of the entire competition.
All right, Chloe.
Hot mess.
Flexibility is getting worse
instead of better.
What were you balancing?
Where was the balance?
I've never seen you that off
on your turns.
Well, you know what, Abby,
that's a reflection of you
because Chloe has been your student
since she was two years old.
Sophia walked in off the street
from someone else two weeks ago.
You're not her teacher.
You're not stretching her every day.
I pay you for her to go
to class and stretch.
You know how sometimes
your child takes math at school,
but they need a tutor for extra math?
Chloe needs extra flexibility at home.
Why haven't you ever told me
that before today?
ABBY LEE: I know that Christi's
annoyed with me
because I am showering Sophia
with attention, but you know what?
You quit.
Sophia was there.
Chloe is a product of you.
She's been at your studio
since she was two.
She's lazy.
Then why don't you say,
"Do this, this is how you fix it"?
She doesn't!
I'm not a dance teacher,
you tell me every day!
Chloe is your student.
You are a plagiarist
because that little girl
is somebody else's student,
and you just put your name on her back.
You're ridiculous. Chloe was awful today.
CHRISTI: I'm always the first to jump
right back at Abby, you know.
I believe in fighting fire with fire.
But some of the things
she said about Chloe
were just so awful...
that it... it just hurt me.
She reveled in doing that
to an 11-year-old, and she did it...
She did it to my...
HOLLY: To your baby.
[crying]
What are we doing to our kids?
CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A+E NETWORKS
Sophia is on the top of the pyramid
and she is not even here!
My next routine
will be a duet!
With Maddie and Kendall.
Abby told me last night that
you weren't happy
about doing a duet with Kendall.
You can believe
whatever you want to, Jill.
[intense music]
Maddie will never get her spot back
with Sophia...
Kendall, are you gonna admit that
you screwed the whole dance up
and you were off?
And you picked on her
the entire week about it!